Ai welcome to my channel
bingo video and enter the name edson
and will start by starting a series of
videos there teaching some
technical improvisation all that I can
to spend there is this theme that has already
too much cloth for mango is the following is neither
You'll always be playing with your
band save your friends and you will
It's time for the sun and you're going
have that tone that you
is accustomed
then the next 'you will serve to
when you come across the situation
Do you know if you are there for example?
You were playing and I do not know, someone asks.
For you, the tone of the song is this.
and the smallest
so you're going to have to follow a
smaller
You'll just have to ride there.
This is not how I got used to it.
pass on to you is the following if you
has 11 one key issue here is better
All translations
look for full of smaller appliances
It's like you have this chip.
on here
is
the haiti but why it will look is full of
despite the smaller because the following is the a
pj is nothing more than the tonic of this
fifth of love are the notes that form the
board
then it is also important to note the
following by these new here is the
notes that form the string
they are the notes on which the chord
it rests then for example if I take
way when digging the plateau
by the minor
and I have to look until the
that is by doing and resting in notes
of the accord in notes forming the grandmother gave
the smallest then with pj already has practice already
it is best to know the geography of
arm
so I can very well start at 1
i
I see training here, the presence
of the smaller air
finished the name is the fifth fair 99
also it is not as well to stay in
mine in the fifth fair
so with that reasoning you already have there
more or less weapons against this type of
problem that I fear so much here
Le Havre's novelty improvised at last.
that was my tip for today is
subscribe to the channel
I liked to help spread the video that
and I'm going to give you more tips on what I
can help will help here what
Reply Icon